How to increase node capacity docs (#87188)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/troubleshooting/data/increase-tier-capacity.asciidoc

[[increase-tier-capacity]]
== Not enough nodes to allocate all shard replicas

> Elasticsearch tries to keep copies of the data (index shard replicas) on different nodes to protect against
> hardware failure and increase the capacity to serve requests like searching for documents. If the index has
> a preferred tier, Elasticsearch will only try to place the copies of the data for that index on nodes in
> the target tier.
> 
> Users might want to influence this behavior by adding more nodes to the cluster (or tier if tiers are
> in use), or by reducing the
> <<dynamic-index-number-of-replicas,`index.number_of_replicas`>> index setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Distributing copies of the data (index shard replicas) on different nodes can 
parallelize processing requests thus speeding up search queries. This can be 
achieved by increasing the number of replica shards up to the maximum value
(total number of nodes minus one) which also serves the purpose to protect
against hardware failure. If the index has a preferred tier, Elasticsearch will
only place the copies of the data for that index on nodes in the target tier.

If a warning is encountered with not enough nodes to allocate all shard 
replicas, you can influence this behavior by adding more nodes to the cluster
(or tier if tiers are in use), or by reducing the
<<dynamic-index-number-of-replicas,`index.number_of_replicas`>> index setting.
```

Reworking on the opening a bit to add the reasons why replica shards are needed and strengthen the connection between cause and action.
